Closes #296 document_missing_value_s@devel (#311)
pharmaverse/admiraldev: vignettes/programming_strategy.Rmd

    toc: true
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Programming Strategy}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
editor_options: 
  markdown: 

>     wrap: 72

Reviewer: I don't mind adding this as it'll clean up the look for developers moving forward, but makes this current PR a little more difficult to review

Reviewer 2: I agree.  Sophie can you revert this change and just show the updates for the missing values.  

Perhaps a separate pr for this wrap could be used if folks want this for easier viewing??

Author: Of course, no problem - didn't realise this had been altered! Apologies

| `start_dtc`        | (Partial) start date/datetime in ISO 8601 format.                                                                                                             |
| `dtc`              | (Partial) date/datetime in ISO 8601 format.                                                                                                                   |
| `date`             | Date of an event / interval. Expects a date object.                                                                                                           |
| `set_values_to`    | List of variable name-value pairs. Use `process_set_values_to()` for processing the value and providing user friendly error messages.                         |
| `subject_keys`     | Variables to uniquely identify a subject, defaults to `exprs(STUDYID, USUBJID)`. In function formals, use `subject_keys = get_admiral_option("subject_keys")` |
| `keep_source_vars` | Specifies which variables from the selected observations should be kept. The default of the argument should be `everything()`.                                |

> | `missing_value`    | A value to be input if the data is missing.                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `missing_value`    | A singular value to be inputted if the data is missing.                                                                                                                   |
```

Reviewer 2: I had to make sure inputted was a real word lol.  Perhaps another word could be used @zdz2101 what do you think?

| `dtc`              | (Partial) date/datetime in ISO 8601 format.                                                                                                                   |
| `date`             | Date of an event / interval. Expects a date object.                                                                                                           |
| `set_values_to`    | List of variable name-value pairs. Use `process_set_values_to()` for processing the value and providing user friendly error messages.                         |
| `subject_keys`     | Variables to uniquely identify a subject, defaults to `exprs(STUDYID, USUBJID)`. In function formals, use `subject_keys = get_admiral_option("subject_keys")` |
| `keep_source_vars` | Specifies which variables from the selected observations should be kept. The default of the argument should be `everything()`.                                |
| `missing_value`    | A value to be input if the data is missing.                                                                                                                   |

> | `missing_values`   | A named list of expressions where the names are variables in the dataset and the values are a value to be input if the data is missing.                       |

Reviewer: This is primarily what was changed right? The markdown wrap 72 thing added up top made this a bit difficult to review.

Perhaps for `missing_values` place a small example like below too
 `exprs(BASEC = "MISSING", BASE = -1)`

Author: Yep - sounds good, will add.
